Converted const.txt to YAML (#6187)
rathena/rathena: doc/item_bonus.txt

* Other values:
	Skill (sk): see 'db/(pre-)re/skill_db.yml' (NOTE: Both skill IDs and names, in quotes, are supported.)
	Monster id (mid): see 'db/(pre-)re/mob_db.yml'
	Item id (iid): see 'db/item_db.yml'

> 	Item group (ig): see 'db/(pre-)re/item_group_db.yml' and the constants in 'db/const.yml', prefixed with IG_*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Item group (ig): see 'db/(pre-)re/item_group_db.yml' and the constants in 'src/map/script_constants.hpp', prefixed with IG_*
```
